Toggle

Background

I'm currently an Engineer at [Upstatement](https://www.upstatement.com/)
building things for the web with some awesome people. I recently graduated
from [Northeastern University](http://www.ccis.northeastern.edu/) after
completing three awesome six-month co-ops at [MullenLowe
U.S.](https://us.mullenlowe.com/), [Starry](https://starry.com/), and [Apple
Music](https://www.apple.com/music/).

As a software engineer, I enjoy bridging the gap between engineering and
design ‚Äî combining my technical knowledge with my keen eye for design to
create a beautiful product. My goal is to always build applications that are
scalable and efficient under the hood while providing engaging, pixel-perfect
user experiences.

**When I'm not in front of a computer screen** , I'm probably snowboarding,
cruising around on my penny board, or crossing off another item on my bucket
list.

Skills

Languages

  * JavaScript (ES6)
  * TypeScript
  * HTML
  * CSS/Sass
  * Python
  * SQL
  * R

Frameworks

  * Ember & Glimmer
  * React
  * Jekyll
  * Node
  * D3
  * Wordpress
  * Timber

Tools

  * Bash
  * Git & Github
  * Gulp & Grunt
  * Chrome DevTools
  * Postman
  * MongoDB

Design

  * Sketch
  * InDesign
  * InVision
  * Prototyping
  * Wireframing
  * User Testing

Experience

[Upstatement](https://www.upstatement.com/)

May 2018 - Present

Engineer

[Scout](https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/)

Jan - June 2018

Studio Developer

[Apple Music](https://www.apple.com/music/)

July - Dec 2017

UI Engineer Co-op

[Scout](https://web.northeastern.edu/scout/)

Jan - June 2017

Studio Developer

[Starry](https://starry.com/)

July - Dec 2016

Software Engineer Co-op

[Northeastern University](http://www.ccis.northeastern.edu/)

Jan - May 2016

HCI Teaching Assistant

[NU Women in Tech](http://nuwit.ccs.neu.edu/)

Jan 2016 - May 2017

President & Web Chair

[MullenLowe U.S.](https://us.mullenlowe.com/)

July - Dec 2015

Creative Technologist Co-op

[Northeastern University](http://www.ccis.northeastern.edu/)

Mar - May 2015

HCI Research Assistant

[View My Resume](https://bchiang7.github.io/resume.pdf)

Featured Projects

[ ![](/img/featured/blistabloc/blistabloc.png) ](https://blistabloc.com/)

[blistabloc](https://blistabloc.com/)

Custom wordpress theme built with Timber and Woocommerce for blistabloc, the
only reactive shoe insert that prevents blisters from forming.

[ ![](/img/featured/screentime/screentime1.png)
![](/img/featured/screentime/screentime3.png)
![](/img/featured/screentime/screentime4.png)
](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.starry.management)

[ScreenTime
2.0](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.starry.management)

Starry Station feature that provided users with the ability to easily filter
content, pause the internet, and even create custom rules for blocking apps
like Facebook and Twitter right from their phones.

[ ![](/img/featured/interventions/interventions.png)
](https://interventions.design/)

[Interventions](https://interventions.design/)

Interactive marketing website for Northeastern's first annual student-led
design conference, Interventions.

Other Projects

[Surf Videos](https://github.com/bchiang7/Surf-Videos)

Small React project created during an interview process to browse and search
surf videos via the YouTube API.

JavaScript React React Router Axios YouTube API

[Halcyon Theme](https://bchiang7.github.io/halcyon-site/)

A minimal, dark theme for Sublime Text, Atom, VS Code, and more published to
[Package Control](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Halcyon%20Theme), [Atom
Package Manager](https://atom.io/themes/halcyon-syntax), [Visual Studio
Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brittanychiang.halcyon-
vscode), and [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-halcyon-theme).

Gatsby Sublime Text Atom VS Code iTerm2 Hyper

[Lonely Planet DBMS](https://github.com/bchiang7/CS3200-Project)

Final project for my Database Design course at Northeastern. A simple web
application that allows users to filter through a database containing Lonely
Planet's [Top 500 Travel Destinations](https://www.amazon.com/Lonely-Planets-
Ultimate-Travel-Places/dp/1760342777). Users are able to add themselves as
visitors as well as leave reviews of the destinations.

Python MySQL Flask HTML CSS JavaScript

[myNEU Redesign](https://bchiang7.github.io/Redesign-myNEU/)

myNEU student portal web prototype for my information science senior project.
I conducted a study that aimed to answer the question of how myNEU can be
improved to provide students at Northeastern with a better user experience.
Informed by usability metrics gathered from user tests, I redesigned and
developed a web prototype of myNEU.

Jekyll HTML SCSS JavaScript

[Crowd DJ](https://github.com/crowddj/crowddj-react)

A web app that allows people who are at a party or social gathering with a DJ
to request songs via their smartphones. The web app allows people to see the
currently playing song, request songs, upvote songs, and rate songs so the DJ
can see how the crowd is feeling and act accordingly. In other words, Crowd DJ
is essentially a crowdsourced music queue.  
[üèÜ Won Best UI/UX Design at Hackbeanpot 2017
üèÜ](http://projects.hackbeanpot.com/2017-projects.html)

React Sass Firebase Spotify API

[Weather Widget](http://quiet-dusk-89245.herokuapp.com/)

A simple weather app I made at HubSpot's Fall 2016 Web App Workshop with
Node.js, Express, and Heroku. I used the OpenWeatherMap API to get weather and
forecast data, and then used the current city's coordinates to create a map
background that reflected the current city using the Google Maps API.

JavaScript CSS Node.js Express Heroku OpenWeatherMap API Google Maps API

[Personal Website V2](https://bchiang7.github.io/v2)

Second iteration of my personal website. Designed and developed with a
conscious effort to avoid using any superfluous frameworks like Bootstrap.

Jekyll Handlebars SCSS JavaScript Github Pages

[React Resume](https://bchiang7.github.io/react-profile/)

An online version of my 2016 resume I made for fun. I was interested in
learning React.js, so I found this [simple
tutorial](https://medium.com/learning-new-stuff/building-your-first-react-js-
app-d53b0c98dc#.1439cdewq) and it kind of spun into this weekend project. I
probably didn't need to use React at all, but hey, at least I learned a few
things!

JavaScript React CSS

[CourseSource](http://webdevspring2016-chiangbrittany.rhcloud.com/project/client/#/login)

A web application built on the MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node) stack
for my web development course at Northeastern. I created this web app with the
intention of providing Northeastern Students a better experience browsing the
courses offered at Northeastern.

HTML CSS JavaScript Node.js Angular Express MongoDB

[NU Women in Tech](http://nuwit.ccs.neu.edu/)

Complete overhaul and redesign of NU Women in Tech's club website using
Jekyll, built while serving as web chair on the e-board.

Jekyll HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap

[Fontipsums](https://bchiang7.github.io/fontipsums)

As someone who has an eye for typography, I wanted a way to visually see
different font combinations together. I whipped up this simple website to
display some of my favorite pairings combined with some fun lorem ipsum
variations I found on the web.

HTML SCSS

[Personal Website V1](https://bchiang7.github.io/v1)

My first portfolio website I designed and built in 2014. I learned quite a bit
about HTML, CSS, and SEO. Since then, I think my web development and design
skills have improved immensely.

HTML CSS Bootstrap JavaScript jQuery

[One Card For All](http://onecardforall.org)

MullenLowe's 2016 holiday site built around an algorithm that generates a
holiday greeting to each and every person on the planet. As new names appear,
visitors can watch them fall, like snowflakes, onto a stylized world map.
Users can also find their own name and see it as part of the world collective.
Check out this short [video](http://us.mullenlowe.com/work/one-card-for-all/)
describing the project.

HTML SCSS JavaScript jQuery

[JetBlue HumanKinda](https://us.mullenlowe.com/work/humankinda/)

Tumblr site complementing JetBlue's HumanKinda campaign and documentary. The
site houses the video documentary, many graphics created by Mullen for the
campaign, and an interactive quiz to determine how "HumanKinda" you are. Learn
more about this project [here](http://us.mullenlowe.com/work/humankinda/).

HTML CSS JavaScript jQuery

![](/img/emojis/pointing-up.png)

